Gilakas'la!

Welcome to Kwigwis Adventures.

About your Guide

My name is Douglas Smith and I was born and raised here in Campbell River. My family lineage is  is deeply rooted in the coast, with connections to Campbell River, Smiths Inlet, Blunden Harbour, and Takush Harbour.


Fishing has been a part of my life for as long as I can remember — I started my commercial fishing journey at the age of 8, working alongside my father on seine boats and gillnetters. From the late 70's onward, l've traveled the coast from San Juan to Dundas Island countless times, and spent many seasons fishing t. V vest coast in Barkley Sound.


For me, fishing has never been "just a job" — it's a way of life. It's something I deeply respect and

will always love. Through Kwigwis Adventures, l'm proud to share my knowledge, experience, and connection to these waters with you.

Kwigwis in Kwak'wala means Eagle of the Sea — a symbol of strength, vision, and connection to the ocean. I look forward to welcoming you

aboard and showing you the beauty of our coast.


Seating for up to 6. Great sound system with a heated cabin.


Built in 2025, 27 foot overall length, custom built, unsinkable welded aluminum. Custom built by Shadowline boats here in Campbell River BC.  The boat has a stand alone head for privacy, for when nature calls. Great sound system and seating up to 6, heated cabin for your comfort for those chilly mornings or evenings. For your safety we are AED equipped and Marine First Aid certified. Fully insured and registered with the Canadian Coastguard. All our fishing gear is top of the line, starting with our TR-3 Islander reels to our carbon fiber Loomis and or WestCoast 10’6” rods. Fully equipped for salmon and bottom fishing.

FISHING CHARTERS PAGE
Fishing Charters

4 hour fishing charter – max 4-5 people  $740.00

8 hour fishing charter – max 4-5 people $1400.00

10 hour fishing charter– max 4-5 people $1650.00

*Hourly rates increase by $20.00/hour for a 6-person charter.  Maximum 6 people.

*Fuel surcharge may apply for long distance trips.

Groups of 3-4 people per boat is optimal for comfort, room to fish and rod time.

Rates do not include 5% GST, gratuities are optional.


Fishing Charters include:

  Fuel
  Bait (if required)
  Safety gear
  Fishing equipment
  Boat & captain
Guests must supply:
  Appropriate clothing
  Sunscreen
  Lunch/drinks
  A valid fishing license
 

Whale Watching & Private Ocean Tours – Up to 6 people

4 hour trip $850.00

8 hour trip $1550.00

 

Release of Cremains – Returning to the Sea with Honor, Led by Kwigwis

Option 1 – Passengers onboard scatter ashes

Up to 6 people $350.00 (within 30 minutes of departure location, any further distance can be negotiated) We would travel up to 30 minutes out or so, come to a rest at which point the ashes are released. Flowers are often tossed into the water (provided by customer) after which the vessel encircles the area and returns to port.

No extra charge to scatter multiple ashes when booking with passengers.

Option 2 – Hand off cremains to scatter without passengers $250.00

We will take pictures and provide GPS marker on the map where the cremains are scattered.  Arrangements can also be made to pick up ashes from a local funeral home, or any 3rd party if you wish.

Typically, there is no ceremony per say, however we can accommodate you if you wish to arrange a member of your religious denomination to conduct a ceremony.   Whatever you wish to do.

A fuel and time surcharge will be quoted if the location requested is a custom destination outside the general area.

Water taxi/shuttle service (to Quadra & Cortez and other locations upon request)

Quadra Island roundtrip $75.00 per person, up to 100 pounds of gear

Cortez Island roundtrip $125.00 per person, up to 100 pounds of gear

 

Emergency Response

$50.00/hour plus fuel costs

 